This is a head-gum original.
Yeah.
No.
First in thought.
F**k.
No.
You got it, you got it.
F**k.
There you go.
Delay on the button.
That should be instant.
Yeah.
First new New York studio in studio episode of that gum podcast.
You got it right this time.
Yeah.
Good job.
And Johnny Villa bringing up the rear.
How are we feeling?
It's Thursday morning.
It's 11, actually.
Oh, make a wish.
What's your wish?
I can't.
But this hour goes by as if we were five minutes.
Yeah.
I feel like the onus is already extremely on me.
And I'm not appreciative of it.
Meaning?
Meaning.
Let's f**king get the energy up.
I mean, you wrangled us in here 11 in the warning.
English really loud.
I was like, I mean, coffee.
But okay.
That's true.
And that is because Kayla's, I think, has food poisoning.
Do you think it's something?
Yeah.
And is it?
She got, do you think she got it on her birthday?
I hope not.
But maybe.
I mean, I have a stomach bug right now.
But he doesn't see me complaining.
Yeah.
You keep leaving the throat.
I feel too good.
What's her birthday on Monday or Tuesday?
Her birthday was Monday.
Yeah.
Because some people wish her birthday on Tuesday.
I was like, let's slip a belated in there.
Yeah.
You didn't get it.
So it was Angie's day at that point.
Yeah.
That's true.
I didn't wish Angie.
Yeah.
Have your birthday.
It's never too late.
Yeah.
And you can just talk about that in some time.
So you slip a belated.
Yeah.
You're fine.
A belated.
Right.
What do you think the rudest amount after a birthday to wish someone a birthday is?
I think actually a day after.
Really?
I think the day before.
Like the day before, but you don't say happy early birthday.
Yeah.
But then at least like you're showing excitement.
And you know approximately when it is.
I mean, unless you say it with a bunch of ways.
With a bunch of what?
Like you meant M.A.L.A.Y.S.
I only want to mean.
That's a fallen poor joke.
I know all of our Malaysian listeners.
Oh.
We know you're out there.
Yeah.
It goes New York, Toronto, Coala, and poor.
I feel like day before is actually better than day after because day before means that you think you nailed it.
And nobody reminded you.
You just know that that's when someone's birthday is day after.
You're only wishing them happy birthday because you saw everyone else wishing them happy birthday.
You didn't remember.
If I have to say it late, I usually say I'm sorry.
I'm late to the party.
That's really good.
I say fuck fuck fuck.
I'm so sorry.
I'm such a bad friend.
And then it kind of becomes about me.
Yeah.
Well that's nice.
Yesterday was my friend's birthday.
And I couldn't.
I wasn't 100% sure it was her birthday.
Usually it popped up in my calendar.
And I was like, I'm going to confirm on some social media.
But I couldn't find it.
So I texted happy birthday.
And then a bunch of exclamation points.
Two question marks and the more exclamation points.
So kind of either been like, I was asking or I accidentally hit the question mark twice.
But that's her birthday.
That's over thinking.
Never heard of that.
Yeah.
I mean, I made it.
I think it worked well.
It looked like my point of view of Marie.
Right now is this.
Mike arm is over your eyes.
And it looks like you're doing an anonymous talk.
Like he used to be in drug trafficking.
A second ago when you put your glasses on your forehead.
That's all I could see.
It looked like you were doing a bit.
Yeah.
We're in New York City.
Some might call it New Jack Shitty.
Who called it Jack?
I was typing into kayak.
My flight information on this book.
It's not a Mario Kart track.
New Jack Shitty.
I don't think so.
New Jack City though.
Something like that.
I think it is New Jack City.
It would be incorrect.
I don't get it.
The chances of me being right and you being wrong are always so slim to mine.
No, I was telling Johnny on the walk in.
Patrick, I don't know if you feel this way, but New York sort of has a certain energy to it.
He's been saying this literally every moment he can.
You want to move here so bad.
I honestly, I'm like on the verge of tears as they walk through this.
And it's like arguably a bad day out.
Yeah, but it's like gloomy.
It's going to rain soon.
It's been scholarly in Los Angeles though until like seven days ago.
So just to be able to wear this specific sweater, which is actually the article of clothing,
I've owned for the longest time.
Wow.
Whoa.
You can use four of the longest, yeah, jumper.
I'm going to shed blustery and all I can think of now is Jeffrey James and the blustery day.
Like when you look through the style.
My bottom was.
I'm the lowest.
Just a skirt.
We've got malaise and bluster out of English so far.
Great.
How long have you owned that sweater?
Eight years.
Wow.
That is a long time.
Yeah.
My school growing up had a uniform.
So I didn't really own a lot of clothes other than, like,
khakis, slacks.
Yeah.
New Jack City is a movie.
I made an error.
How did you do a numbers go?
You look at a number screen on a movie title.
No.
It really does have a certain as you want to be about it.
It has a as unicyc law.
And I really do want to move here.
It's it's hard to be here at this point.
Because the last time I was here, I was living here.
Oh, I didn't know.
I didn't know you would talk here before.
It only for a month.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
People still have property in LA.
That has a property.
We've had property.
I wouldn't be doing this show.
I rented something for a bit.
Yeah.
You could close.
I don't know.
That's property.
Personal items.
Yeah.
I had a flu.
Champagne or otherwise.
I guess it's.
Contraval and Bach of the week.
Daniel Craig lives in Woodstock.
I wonder if I joined him.
He was on Woodstock.
I didn't know that.
He does.
He lives in Ulster County to be sure.
Woodstock.
Oh.
Onya ran into him up state one time.
That's ran into him.
That's where you say about someone you know.
Well, like.
I think she was working in a store and he came in to buy something.
And then she realized it was Daniel Craig.
Do we know this while ago?
I don't know.
I think I asked her that exact question and she didn't have an answer.
We'll have to.
We'll have to double gin loafers.
I loved it.
I think it was a house.
I think it was a housing store.
What does that mean?
How was it?
He just buy a house.
Yeah.
How was it?
A blow of asking.
My bond of the week this week is.
So, sozy bacon.
Who is that?
Who's that?
She's the star of Smile.
Have you guys seen that movie?
I'm not going to watch.
I really do not think that she in the show.
Please like me.
I think so.
It's my favorite.
One of my favorite TV shows.
It's great in it.
Sozy bacon.
A cause she's a great actor.
And B because then it would be bacon and broccoli.
We were talking about this last night.
That the producer of the bond movies is Barbara Broccoli.
Which is maybe the best name I've heard since English preview.
And one of the original people of bond.
You said that we're out broccoli.
Yeah.
Anyone else have any bonds of the week?
Um.
You mean like Colin Farrell?
Why?
I just like him.
Sanford edgy bod.
Yeah.
He has an earring.
Colin mockery.
That would be great.
Yeah.
Edgy.
That's good.
I think Colin mockery is doing a show in New York.
Very close to here.
Really?
Yeah.
I think it's hypnosis and improv combined.
Did you do something?
Should we have a look?
Yeah.
I think the jazz and Mamamia should just all be like sort of a rat team bomb.
Oh yeah.
I'm going to go on the conch and come and flirt.
I've been very classy.
I think the jazz and Mamamia should just all be like sort of a rat team bomb.
Oh, there we go.
Tie it up the hip.
Yeah.
They're doing constructions.
It sounds like above here.
It's, I think it's below.
Yeah.
Constant.
But it kind of sounds like what I assume is happening in Taylor's stomach right now.
It would be.
Just like normally.
Yeah.
What a great image myself.
Wow.
Thank you.
Perkins.
Sumer reports.
No.
Vemper is the best time to buy blank.
What do you guys think?
There's four options.
Not options.
But turkeys.
Would you say turbions?
It's an expensive purchase.
Not even.
Oh my god.
I said turkeys.
Oh.
That would actually be the worst time to buy turkeys because everybody's buying turkeys.
Yeah.
What is the best time to buy me?
I was assuming like like the easiest time to purchase.
I was assuming that was like the best.
But I'd wise.
No.
Like it's good for the people making the product.
Like.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I'm a rakey.
I'm a capitalist for that.
You're crazy for that one, bro.
Thanks.
I would say like close that are out of season.
Like shorts.
We were talking about also on the walk in that you might get some low dock.
Martin's.
Yes.
Low dock.
Yeah.
Which are very out of season right now because it's about to snow and rain all the time.
I'm okay with a wet sock.
Oh.
Or better looking.
Believe it.
Yeah.
The correct answers were coffee makers.
Headphones.
Cookware.
So Christmas dance.
And humidifiers.
I think yeah.
I'm I ain't a pair of both 700 noise cancelling over the years.
And they just jumped down from 329 to 279.
Still not what I'm looking to buy right now.
We took black Friday.
That's actually a really good idea.
Yeah.
I kind of get all my purchases out on black Friday.
I kind of like your personal purchases.
Yeah.
So nothing for friends and children and like soaps and all the insurance.
Insurance.
Very good.
Thank you.
I am energy.
Says the CEO of Bang Energy.
What?
Jack O'Wick, a trash talking chest bearing only in Florida.
Entrepreneur has challenged and rocked the touring industry.
I can't believe it.
I'm also trying to read along like whatever you're saying would ever be written in print.
He looks a little first of all.
We're looking at a graphic.
I'm going to put it up somewhere here.
He even in a non photo.
Kind of like sort of a squinted eye.
He has one squinty eye and one very wide eye.
Yeah.
How did the non photo get worse?
This is my question.
Let's basically fix that in the artwork.
Yeah.
The closet died down by the time Jack O'Wick mounted the stage.
And I'm Manhattan conference venue in June.
So not a great start.
Yeah.
A microphone in one hand, an energy shot in the other.
He moved in to fist bump the outstretched palm of the moderator.
Then sidestepped him.
400 pairs of eyes surveyed the bill.
He wore.
He wore a shiny renaissance meets Miami nightclub blazer.
And even shiny or button up.
New Balance sneakers and a joyless expression.
Sling around his neck.
We're too thick gold chains.
And on his chest rested a big bedazzle.
Lowercase be the logo of his company bang.
Through his veins, course to the caffeine equivalent of a button.
He comes to coffee.
Should we keep going with this?
No.
I read the title and I saw the photo.
I said this ought to be good.
I imagine flashing a faint smile.
He flashed a faint smile.
A handful of people.
And a pointless expression.
Yeah.
I need you to take out your bang and take a sip.
Because we got to get the up the energy level in here.
That's basically how I started this episode.
Yeah.
I don't want to resonate with the CEO of bang.
No.
What do you do differently then?
You don't live in Florida.
So that is one step in the right direction.
But I don't live here.
And that's equally bad.
Yeah.
Have you guys ever had a bang?
Do you think that it's making a bang in the energy drink industry?
No.
And I've never seen anyone drink a bang before.
I didn't know what existed.
Yeah.
I've definitely seen it.
You saw it in.
It was like, oh John Wilson.
Yeah.
That's okay.
That is what the show was.
I was trying to think of.
Yeah.
It's a big tick-tock thing.
Bang energy.
Yeah.
This is on your for you page.
It's not showing up online, certainly.
I certainly know.
I think it's like a bit.
I think they do sponsor a lot of creators.
For us.
I think they do like compete with Red Bulls.
Sponsoring creators.
Does that don't think that's possible?
I don't think you can.
Yeah.
You can't compete with Red Bulls.
What do you have a bang?
No.
I don't know how many bangers the equivalent to nine cups of coffee.
But I'd rather have even three cups of coffee.
I'd rather do really fast shots of espresso and feel that vibe than drink it and energy drink.
So.
So when I go out, like my what I'll do is.
Everybody does this.
But like I'll do shadow whiskey and like a beer.
I came up with this sort of way to game the day when I was living here before.
Where I would do a shot of espresso, like a shot of alcohol, and then wash it down with a cold brew.
And I'm just off to the races.
Yeah.
I know what I'm doing.
I'm doing well.
That's how I make a very good.
I feel like every time you hopped on a zoom, you looked bad.
It felt bad.
I don't.
I'm living life wrong.
I don't know what else to say.
I go to sleep.
You know, at 3 a.m. when I wake up at 11 already behind on shit, especially in LA,
because at least here, you know, it's 8.30 a.m.
Yeah.
Even if I woke up now at 11.30, it's 8.30 a.m. Pacific, which most of the stuff at the company,
I feel like starts at 8.30 on Pacific time.
Yeah, they really favor the Pacific time zone for meetings and such.
So that's also why I feel like I should live here.
My lifestyle but fits that.
Yeah.
Anyway.
If we get in at 9 a.m.
Yeah.
Six a.m. there.
And then you're, then you're really in your building in your mindset.
Oh, no.
Oh.
She asked.
It's back.
This Canadian news anchor and reporter has had experience dealing with human pests.
Please.
You're not wearing a mask.
You need to get away from me.
But that didn't prepare her.
Though a mask could have helped when a pesky fly dive bomb
or mouth.
A national emergency hospital.
Has been invoked.
But the weather in Pakistan extreme weather is alarming.
Wow.
You've got your reports.
Global nationals far a NASA made it through the intro.
The stealthy fly was invisible.
All viewer saw was the deep gulp.
I could feel it.
Fluttering.
In the back of my throat as I finished that introduction.
Sorry.
I know this is so gross.
Insects are feasting on prominent Canadians.
I'm sorry.
From your Doug Ford.
I love it.
Just weeks ago.
It's coming from the health sector.
Oh.
Just hold the beat.
Now viewers are comparing and contrasting the two.
Both reach for water to no avail.
It wasn't going to happen.
It was just hot.
Holy.
He's wedged to my throat.
NASA was a lot of soldering on.
A national emergency has been invoked.
He's been invoked.
One Twitter user asked,
Who looked better?
Farah or Ford?
The parody account.
Doug Ford's being dinged.
His language.
Unlike Ford, you definitely kept a composure.
But maybe a B with a thread of a sting is tougher to swallow than a fly.
There was a fly.
It was enough to grail.
This sportscaster.
Just closing it out.
NASA didn't have to be excused.
Did you ever see the fly?
There's a nose.
No.
Running it.
It's so sporadic.
The nose.
I don't know.
That's the nose.
Oh, my gosh.
I mean, that little bugger.
So, I saw a nose.
Yeah.
That was the thesis.
I thought the thesis was like,
There are flies on Canadian people.
And it's just two.
Which is not a pattern.
It was like a bodily sportscaster.
And yeah, it was a bottle of not a fly.
That came in from GMMus.
GenieMus, I don't know how you said.
She also did the King Charles made a splash with his fang.
I can tell.
She's an unbelievable newscaster we got to get her on the show.
Yeah, she's incredible.
I don't know what, she very much could have played it off completely.
But I think she called attention to it.
And she's right.
Yeah, like I would have not wanted anyone to know that.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, fair.
Yeah.
It's about like, I do like how they integrated social media into this completely and correctly.
But like, the first one was like, someone said,
and then it pulled up the tweet and they're
probiotic.
There's just like a cartoon bulldog.
Yeah.
And lighting commentary.
But one read the, the greater than meme wrong.
So you guys are, let's say we're all doing the show, right?
Okay.
One by one flag goes into your mouth.
How do you react?
I'll start it on the hot.
Really.
Totally like that.
That's really good.
Yeah.
English.
Oh, I'd probably like cough.
And drink.
No, I want to actually see it.
There's a video component.
I don't know how to.
It's pretty good.
It's good.
Yeah.
Rica.
I feel like I'd probably do it like.
Oh, I'm trying to blow it up.
Yeah.
I think I would go like.
I think you do that.
I think we have to take a break.
We have to take a break.
Yeah.
This is fucked up.
Oh, yeah.
Our next partner has a product.
I literally use every day.
All right.
I started taking athletic greens because I don't sleep well.
And it's apparent on every video record of my right guys.
And athletic greens has been helping.
I take it every day in the morning.
I have water.
Athletic greens.
Cafe.
Rinse.
Repeat.
It starts me out.
No matter when I wake up.
On a good note.
It's better than what I used to do.
Which was taking a lot of different pills and supplements.
It's cheaper.
It's just easier to put the powder in the water.
Shake it up.
Taste great.
And then you don't have to be like.
One pill.
Chualo.
Three pills.
I hated that.
I hated doing that.
It was hard to continue that supplement routine when I hated doing it.
So, what is this stuff?
Well, with one delicious scoop of athletic greens, you're absorbing 75 high-quality vitamins,
minerals, whole-food source superfoods, probiotics, and adaptogens to help start your day
right.
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health, your nervous system, your immune
system, your energy, recovery, focus, and aging all the things.
Right?
Tons of people, like I said, like me before, take a multivitamin or, you know, are on some
kind of supplement routine.
And it's important to choose a product with high-quality ingredients that your body will
actually absorb.
That's why AG1 steps in gets the job done.
It is a small microhabit with big benefits.
And it's the one thing that you can do every single day to take great care of yourself,
right?
Sometimes, you know, you forget to go to the gym or you don't have the energy to go to
the gym.
Taking athletic greens makes me feel like I'm doing at least one thing for my health.
Your subscription also comes with a year's supply of vitamin D, which is important to
add in these upcoming winter months when we don't get as much sunlight.
It costs less than $3 a day and you're investing in your health and it's cheaper than
your cold brew habit.
I have both, but still, it's cheaper than also than getting all the different supplements
yourself, right?
If you don't even, you know, taking, doing the physical act of taking the pills aside,
it's also a lot cheaper.
I've seen that over the past year.
I started taking it in last December, last January.
I don't have a pill budget anymore.
When you're investing in an all-in-one nutritional insurance.
So right now, it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient
daily nutrition, especially heading into cold and flu season.
It's just one scoop of athletic greens in a couple of water every day.
That's it.
No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health and to make
it easy, athletic greens is going to give you a free, again, one year supply of immune
supporting vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first purchase.
And all you have to do is go to athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Again, that's athleticgreens.com slash what's that to take ownership over your health?
And pick up the ultimate daily nutritional insurance phase.
No, it is athleticgreens.com slash what's that?
Things athleticgreens?
We're back.
Not really.
Perfect.
It's not that.
It's traumatized by the fly.
Yeah.
It's going to take a while to recover from the fly.
The footage, the fly, the coverage.
What is this?
Colladium.
Great.
Thank you.
I agree.
I was waiting to buy these this for years.
Really?
No.
I just have them in college because they're waterproof and they, like, you can wear them
two ways.
They fold down.
That's cool.
And the brand got, like, stopped selling the waterproof version of these.
And then they finally brought them back, like, I think a few years ago.
And I just noticed this past year.
Okay.
That's my, that's my plug.
She was sponsoring me.
We were talking about how everybody in the world has, like, a parade deal.
Yeah.
John.
But I mean, like, parade deal just means you have a promo code.
Okay.
I don't even get them for free.
I think you do get them for free.
Yeah.
They're, I mean, most about them.
They, they'll give anyone close.
Don't get a share.
That's, that's a share.
It's getting share.
I want a parade deal.
I think you can go on.
Definitely do it.
Surprisingly, you can get parade deals.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
Selfage or not is the name of the game.
Do you guys want to take a guess at how this works?
No.
You want us to determine whether or not something is salvage G.
So which denim were regular denim or not?
Yeah.
I guess I could have called it salvage or regular.
That topical for Kayla, but I didn't know that she was going to have this issue.
Selfage or not is, are these jeans made of salvage denim?
No.
I don't think so.
You don't think this one is salvage?
No.
Shit.
I don't think so.
Looks like a regular Levi's or even like,
that's correct.
This is not salvage.
Selfage or not.
Selfage.
It's got to be salvage.
Yeah.
That gives me salvage.
That's correct.
I did do a little bit of research about salvage jeans because some of my friends are wearing
them.
Yeah.
I think like they're like slowly, which surely coming back into style in some circles.
So not my style.
Do I not know salvage is that?
It's like, yeah.
It's like a higher end denim.
Yeah.
It has one pair of salvage that I found second hand.
So they fit someone else's body perfectly.
They were like barely worn.
But they were like a resell shop.
That's cool.
Because the idea with salvages, you don't wash them.
And then you do soak them.
And then they fit your.
You do, you can wash them.
You don't wash them.
Like every time.
Right.
It's a weird.
Don't your pants start to smell after like.
I mean, I, I wash them more often than you're supposed to.
Yeah.
I do too.
Mine aren't salvage.
I don't know when the last time I washed these were.
I was probably washed them.
We have a washer dryer said if you need it.
Do you have an end unit?
No.
I don't have an end unit.
Who said, yeah?
Yeah.
You said, yes.
Yes.
That's correct.
These are salvage.
Oh, really?
They look like in this lighting.
They could have that stretch to them.
Yeah.
Which is why I was like, huh?
Salvage or not?
It's to be a trick one.
Have you been looking into buying these jeans?
Yeah.
Is this like, yeah.
I'm never going to be into raw denim.
I'm just not.
I like a faded anything.
Okay.
Good.
You're a good company.
Yeah.
I did.
I'm on a quest to find the perfect denim.
And it has not material.
It's your, what's your, like,
the one that you're at now.
That's fine.
Kind of like English is like that kind of faded black,
but like vintage.
So like,
uh, rigid.
Like I, this, there's a fashion tick talker that I follow.
Like, is it the guy that always wear slacks?
Edgy Albert?
I don't know.
If I saw a photo of him,
I had no style.
So you want like real denim, but not sewage denim.
So non stretch.
Took so long.
That was just talking.
Well, so he was talking about.
He's like skinny jeans aren't necessarily bad.
The bad ones are the ones that I'm wearing.
Where it's like, that's what these are.
But I like them.
They're comfortable.
These are very good.
I prefer actual denim.
You should shop at Everlane.
Everlane is good.
These are Everlane.
That's definitely not selfish.
Yeah.
These are made of.
Exactly.
Right.
And that's the way we're going to try.
I like that.
That is like building lace.
Well, yes.
Um, but he was saying that you want to get 501s or 505s,
stiff rigid denim,
and then just tapered or slim fit at your tailor.
So what is this?
What do you, that's what I'm looking for.
This is the lead one.
I'm a guy.
And I'm excited.
You've got to try it.
Well, my.
Why?
Man handling her.
And it's not cool.
It's fun.
It's funny.
Yes.
It's fun.
I like that.
I like it.
These are lead vise, but they're like,
They're like, they're not five oh, I'm sorry or something.
50s.
No, they're like a, I can't remember the name,
but they're like, flowier lately.
If people didn't like when we talked about F1 on this show,
people aren't like, like the seven minutes we spent
talking about salvage.
We just have a salvage podcast, S1.
Definitely, it's a bubble in salvage.
You just denim it.
Yeah.
That's the same thing as kind of intro.
Salvage or not?
Mmm, yeah.
Salvage.
Greg, that is salvage.
I hate the cuff.
Salvage or not?
No, no, this looks like something I'd see it like
in H&M.
Yeah.
It's anyone dipping this?
Wow, you're from Rampie.
Next time, I'm here.
Abercrumbia, this is actually comes up.
They put them up, yeah.
Say it was your name.
No, no.
Look at that face, Greg.
Also, they're like looseness lines where they hit,
and just don't look the same as salvage.
Salvage?
Salvage.
Wow, salvage.
This definitely looks like a target.
Yeah.
It's no way.
It's like a pulse.
That's so big.
Oh, that's not the case.
I was going to say, I will eat your ass.
Yeah, it was a mistake.
That was aggressive.
That was salvage or not.
And he played that really well.
Yeah.
I think we have a pretty good hit rate on that.
What are our prizes?
Sorry.
I'm used to.
I like space.
Yeah.
And you say you want to move to New York?
I want to be cramped.
You know?
I'm claustrophobic, but I also crave cozy.
Hmm.
So.
I like the illustration.
Yeah.
Has everybody's love lives?
Hmm.
Did you hurt one?
The following program is being bought to you in living color, on N.B.C.
Well, if at this very moment you were given five seconds to choose between this or
the relaxing pleasure or this or your living pleasure which one would you select?
That's one of the choices to be made by today's contestants on these days.
Hackers.
Backers.
Also, my voice just kind of inadvertently made the Bauba dark side.
Yeah.
Open the Hackers Bagus.
This is a game show from the 1950s where the objective is to identify the image of a celebrity's
face, which is concealed behind it.
They did five by five, but just to make it easier, we're doing three by three.
With the horizontal dimension showing letters and the vertical showing categories.
So I will announce a category and one of the letters and then first to, you know,
I just have to give you props for having this still in Photoshop.
There's no other way. The other, like there's no way to do it on the screen where I can choose which
Thanks. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Um, I will teach you things.
Holy shit. You want to know ways to do this without having Photoshop on me.
You know, I wish my therapist would, you know,
approach and sketchy things. Yeah, it's just like, I learn. I don't, you know, instead of just like,
you know, I need tools, you know, because not an emotional therapist. Really,
giving you tools to help yourself be better. They're mostly just like,
yeah, and they're on their phone the entire time. Yeah. Um, first player to solve the picture wins.
So at any point, you can solve, you can just call out the picture and, uh, you know,
you can win the Hagus or the bagus. The the Hagus being a luxury item that you don't need a
bagus being an item that you do need. So the two prizes that I've come up with is the watchoff
my wrist as the Hagus and the bagus being any one of the three cameras. Great.
So we have to like name something in the category with those letters. Yes. So for example,
if the category is lubricating agents, uh, and the word is J, then you could say,
yeah, I'm not going to give it away. Let me get into a different category. Let's say the category
is pants, right? And then the kind of, and it's, uh, J, then you could say cool lots,
God, you're, can we start? You're somewhere to be, Marie? I don't want to answer free
after this. I want to answer the question. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do the works of shakes.
Yeah. Okay. Works. Well, can I not works of shakes, beer. Oh my god. Okay. Coralian is
correct. So John. That's maybe the worst one to get first because you might get it from that square
they're full fit. Yeah. It's not full. Yeah. Yeah. It is. I don't know.
Julius Caesar.
We don't see for months of the year.
He loves like Christmas. It's not a month. But what certainly feels like it. P. P. C. A. Y.
What? Isn't that how you pronounce K in what? I'm going to off myself. This is so
fucked up. Emma's sitting over here smiling because I'm fucking ruining the hour and she loves
my demise. Lubricating agents. We can just go through these categories. Jurgen. Yeah.
I was going to say Jurgen. Yeah. Oh, oil, oil, seas, syravy, syravy, syravy, syravy, syravy, syravy.
Oh, I was like, what the hell is syravy? I was also so thrown off by Jurgen.
Yeah. I was thinking like, like, I don't know, like they were thinking.
I'm UD 40. Yeah. I've never said syravy out loud. I don't think I have either. Yeah.
Works like we have you on record of saying. Yeah. Yeah. I guess there isn't. There is not a month
that starts the sea. Yeah. Cocktober. But people send that like chain text where it's like,
welcome to cocktober. You hungry sluts. Like send this to 10 people or else you
will be cursed. What email is that you want? Oh, I just, oh, my friends who like memes will send that.
Yeah. I did receive that text one. I've never, never. This guy went way more viral than he should have, right?
Yeah. Seems like a standup guy. I don't know. I haven't heard anything about him lately. But
I, well, yeah. You're on a podcast with him. Yeah. I, well, no, I don't want to be mean. He's a, I'm sure he's
fine. Yeah. Like he's, I don't know. He made, I don't know what the take is. I think you can't be
canceled for cheating on someone. That's what I, but yeah. I don't think he's been canceled. I think
he just, they were like, we don't. I think he compromised the company's values and he was fired.
Great. Yeah. And, but I will say that I did get bad vibes from him on the show that I was not.
He, he has like the eyes of someone who gets angry sometimes.
Get angry sometimes.
Gosh. Oh, yeah. I'm not going to rage where it's like this is like scary. Oh, that's different.
Then get, it's angry.
His eyes are gray in this photo. Yeah. Maybe that's telling graphite. I, yeah. You really know what
to make me cry. We can be those graphite eyes. Those salvageeers, salvageeers.
Got a raw ear. Um, well, I guess Marie, good. Do you want my watch?
And now it's okay. Well, let's see how it look on your wrist. Okay. You know, this watch
used to be owned by Jimmy Stewart. I didn't know that. Jimmy Stewart. Oh, God. Oh, God.
God, man. Yeah. I mean, I think it was going to look good. No, I don't want it on your wrist. It's the
fact that you put it up on upside down and then sort of flopped it back around. Will you hit me with
that? You just kind of wanted it. Johnny loves that. Listen, we've got five minutes to kill.
What do you guys want to talk about? I thought Harry's bag is going to take seven words.
Yeah, of course. You put Shakespeare on. Oh, yeah. But also you did, I could have done any. I was
just excited to go through the Shakespeare ones. But you said, see, and I said it, and you're like,
well, that's going to ruin the entire game. And it. Yeah. My biggest fear happened. Yeah. And, uh,
nice. I, I'd love to talk more about our love lives. Emma.
Good. I thought I was a Patrick. How's your, I'm sorry to say, but how's your cockman?
Great. Nice. That's good. I mean, you can go into detail about all of your troubles.
Yeah. You'd love to hear more about you. Oh, yeah.
I don't think so. I'm getting us to open up a little too personally and you don't want to do the same.
I'll do the same about this time last year. Okay. This time last year. This time last year. I
came to New York for the live show. Right. Like the same. Just kind of stayed. Yeah.
A little too long. I'm getting the other time we actually met. No, because I came in August, too.
Okay. Okay. I spent basically half of the year here last year. Anyway, um, you ever, you guys
ever have like a, I'm not going to do this. Oh, Jesus. Johnny, how are you? Just in general.
Specifically sexually not specifically sexually. She just asked in general. Oh, good. Just chillin. I think
every day I'm chillin. And that's good. I like your bedazzled shirt. Yeah. Friends. He made it.
Wow. Yeah. That's cool. Yash. Not Yash. Doesn't exist. Yeah. Johnny has a friend that I don't think exists.
Everyone else has met him. Um, you ever, you ever have like a golden era. I'm just going to say it.
I've never had an era. Like, are you? This is like the wrong audience for this. I like if I had
it, I need like Mike and Joel to say when I was going to say it because it's pretty dirt baggy.
And those two guys are dirt bags. Mike is not a dirt bag. Mike, like the nicest. Yeah.
This is not, I wanted to wrap things up. Now you have to, you have to continue. Yeah.
Like, are you ever like, you know, in more of like a slutty phase, right? And then you just like have a
week or two where you can't miss. Yeah. I know Emma knows what I'm talking about. This happened
to me last year this week. I'm reminiscing when I was here in New York for those two weeks.
It was unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. You're very happy. I was like, you're a little joy.
Unbridled joy. Unbridled joy. Yeah. And the the night of the live show,
Marieka's birthday last year was the best day of my life. Yeah. And this year on that day,
which is what October 22nd, it's fine. You know, I'm stressed. I'm sad. I'm financially in the
whole, although I'm not Jimmy Stewart's watch. So yeah, but that wasn't that expensive because
they didn't have proof. So Mike, not have been James's. But the story behind it was that the Swedish
woman bought it on an auction from Jimmy's daughter. And that just feels a little too specific to
not be real. Also, like, it's, it's a nothing watch. It's a Lord Elgin. Okay. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Honestly. That's all so awesome. No, I just, um, I'm not living
dead anymore though. We talked about this last week that I don't have a credit card anymore. Right.
Oh, wow. Which is to me a crazy choice, but yeah. I respect your idea. I respect your decision
to be financially secure. It's a different kind of stress because it's like, oh,
shit, I only have $200 and I have to last me the next 10 days. Yeah. Uh, yeah. I got rid of the
credit card. I was in serious debt. Yeah. Really? I usually go. Yeah. Yeah. I've yet to be in credit card.
My dad, but you get me. He was like, so he gave me a credit card when I was like 18 and
going to college. He's like, just use this every time you need to make a purchase. Like,
perfect. Free money. Yes. I was like, this is a gift card that never inspires. When didn't
wait, when did you get your credit card? I got my credit card when I started working at Carpool
karaoke. And that's why I had a huge credit credit limit because they said enter your income.
And that my income was very different than. Yeah. And that yeah, I had like a like over $10,000
limit. And so I would be in debt. Oh, $10,000 at one point. And that's why I had to sell my car and
then bought my truck, which was good. But anyway. Well, and I just, yeah, they thrive off your debt.
Interest, right? That's what you'll never get back. Couldn't be me. What's up? I said couldn't be me.
I just I buy it with what I want when I want. And I'm not going to apologize.
I'm a rickest style. Joe Biden, maybeators. You're going to do an ice cream go.
Oh, I think I need to go to that sketch.
I would like to see your Biden.
Yes, I'm over.
You don't kind of like my life and that sort of like state of fog that he is in anyways.
But you've never had COVID. I had it once. Oh, right. Yeah, plugs. What do you guys have
going on? What do you want to point the people to or to the floors? Johnny's then English is
then Marie, because then we'll round it out with me. First plug. You got to get vaccinated for the flu.
Yes. And the second COVID booster. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Because that should beat my ass.
Uh, the day after you got vaccinated. Yeah, the day after I got back. I would find to a bed
for lack of a better term. Wait, from COVID or from the vaccine. The vaccine is the
love load. Yeah, I've yet to get symptoms from any of the vaccines. What? Yeah. You must have
a crazy immune system. I don't know. I'm like, are they working? I've been eating a lot of elder
berries, too. Right. You did say. Yeah. That's something that I will also plug for your immunity.
That's cool. And you know what? I've been feeling terrible. That's not just eating too much.
Eating a candy syrup every morning. Yeah. I did that as well. Yeah. Elder flowers,
syrup. Yeah. Elder berries, syrup. Yeah. The last time I went to LA when we were still in the
old office, I was like housing syrup. I really, I was like, I brought it with me. I would take it
every day because I just kept having a cold. Did it help? No. The one thing that I about elder
berries, syrup, I will point out though is if you're on a steroid, don't take all the berries.
Yeah. It'll mess with your, like, let me just go and freak out. It's, it happened to me once.
Which is crazy. Yeah. Some supplements don't interact with medication. Oh, well,
it's bothering me. Oh, it's bothering me. I feel like, because it's so sweet and can be
asked, you could put it into just some like smart sparkling water. Yeah. Shake it up. That's basically
the soda. Yeah. Hmm. Do that, Trani. Yeah. I will.
That I already said it this morning. It's like you said it sticks. Nice. Yeah. And follow me on Instagram at
Johnny V. J. L. H. And then Y. V. I. I eventually will post something.
Can I out you? Yeah. Go ahead. Johnny said to me last night that he's trying to game
Instagram so that he is gone from it in a big long enough intervals that when he comes back, it's
always a return. People get a notification saying that someone that, yeah, he's supposed to
after a long time. Oh, I didn't know. Instagram did that too. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. It does
crazy wonders for your engagement. But it's terrible if you want to be consistent. Right. You're
actually exposed. I'm getting married. Holy shit. English. I'm going to, I'm going to reiterate
the fluid and COVID backs in booster as a chronically ill pal. It's great to see my friends get
protected too. And then follow my art Instagram. It's English Marie art at your own Instagram.
I'll be having a coloring book drop soon. That you can buy? Yeah. It's a PDF download that you can
purchase. It's a buy like buy at your own the cover on the page. No, I'm sorry. I usually use like
buy me a copy and pay what you want. That's amazing. Yeah. We should do it live. Yeah, we can
print it out for the next one. Put it up on Photoshop. You can put the paper on my
phone. That would be hilarious. Or a Shakespeare. Follow me on Twitter and Instagram and letterboxed
at Marie Gailon. Listen to the pit wall. Yeah. Yeah. Watch the new had come sketches,
which should hopefully be coming out weekly now. Just great. Yeah. He's ghost and wasco. LA New York,
LA New York. It's exciting. Yeah. We talked about doing this last year this week. We did. Yeah,
now here we are in the play. Things take a while. Yeah. Just so everyone knows away.
Yeah. But now we have 41 employees technically. Not we y'all. I'm at $1099. But um,
a lot of hands on deck. So things got to, you know, let's pick up the pace pack. All right.
So I'm sure she's just man. You just got here. That all. Yeah. And I'll second following these
fuckers, but also Jeff Boyardy on Twitter because I'm 17 followers away from bearing ass. Yeah.
Yeah. How many do you need? 10,000. All you need is another Ryan Reynolds retweet.
That did nothing. I think if you will unfollowed me. Wait. When did that happen?
I was in a commercial and Ryan Reynolds tweeted it yesterday. It could seem like it was his agency.
Very cool. Uh, Van City Reynolds, which is I think is an objectively bad handle. Yeah. I don't
know what it means. It's Vancouver. Yeah. He's from Vancouver. But that's not like part of his brand.
I feel like. No. Ryan is rushing this please. Why also never reading it. I've never like registered
that it's Van City. I think I always in my head was like vicinity. That's my story. Uh,
Ryan Reynolds likes my succession Halloween costume. The one that went viral. Yeah. That's my
biggest claim to fame. That's just more impressive. The Ryan Reynolds like was huge for me. Yeah,
have it all. I'm not that active on social media. Yeah. I'm too bad. I'm deeply online. Yeah.
I'm deeply deeply online. I actually deleted my Facebook was here, which I'm usually good.
I do the other side is doing. Yeah. I also too many of my friends use it for Facebook events that
I inevitably ignore and make someone tell me they're happening. So yeah. This is the the pro to
having we have been a bunch of different places. Yeah. I'm a place where none of my actual clothes
ran away. Smart. Yeah. Yeah. Um, it sucks to like to promote music or comedy though. We have to
be on it. That we have to be on it on social media. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It does suck. If I did like a 95,
I wouldn't have a, I wouldn't have anything. I think you would. I would maybe have be real. I think
you would. I think you would still post jokes for the love of the game. I've never felt so
seen. My therapist again doesn't like I do really want to have her on the show. But I feel like
that's some kind of hip-hop. That is so sort of, yeah. That would not apply. Yeah. Well, we could
like blur her face and you know, just change her voice. Yeah. In that case, you could just have anyone
be there. Yeah. My brother-in-law got his therapy license. I might have him on. Yeah. I also think she
would say no. Yeah. Of course. She 100% would say no. Yeah. Everyone, I know we have to wrap things up.
But every one I meet NLA who's in therapy, I'm like, what's your therapist name? And then if they
don't say, I would just want to know if I have the same therapist as anybody I know. So far. Interesting.
Yeah. That's a choice. Grace cut that out. Thanks so much for listening to this episode of
the headgun podcast or watching in the New York studio. And we're doing a couple more of these
tomorrow. Yeah. It's got a big old New York batch. Laura Party. Nice. No. You're having engaged.
To be dread existential or otherwise. We'll see you guys again next week. This whole thing was
doll's folks. Nice.
You